Adds command `pa app permission list` (#5166)
pnp/cli-microsoft365: docs/docs/cmd/pa/app/app-permission-list.mdx

import Global from '/docs/cmd/_global.mdx';

# pa app permission list

Lists all permissions of a Power Apps app

## Usage

```sh
m365 pa app permission list [options]
```

## Options

```md definition-list
`---appName <appName>`
: The name (GUID) of the Microsoft Power App.

`--asAdmin`
: Run the command as admin for apps you don't own.

`-e, --environmentName [environmentName]`
: The name of the environment. Required when using `asAdmin`.

`--roleName [roleName]`
: Filter the results to only a given role: `Owner`, `CanEdit`, `CanView`.
```

<Global />

## Examples

List all permissions for an app you own

```sh
m365 pa app permission list --appName bc9f0a7e-53df-46af-b669-5888bb2f63d0
```

List all permissions as admin for an app you don't own

```sh
m365 pa app permission list --environmentName "Default-e448e34a-40cc-441a-94c6-ec701a9a9ec2" --appName bc9f0a7e-53df-46af-b669-5888bb2f63d0 --asAdmin
```

List all co-owners for an app you own

```sh
m365 pa app permission list --appName bc9f0a7e-53df-46af-b669-5888bb2f63d0 --roleName CanEdit
```

## Response

<Tabs>

>   <TabItem value="JSON">

Reviewer: Seems like the tabs are not working because they are not imported.

    {
      "name": "fe36f75e-c103-410b-a18a-2bf6df06ac3a",
      "id": "/providers/Microsoft.PowerApps/apps/37ea6004-f07b-46ca-8ef3-a256b67b4dbb/permissions/fe36f75e-c103-410b-a18a-2bf6df06ac3a",
      "type": "Microsoft.PowerApps/apps/permissions",
      "properties": {
        "roleName": "Owner",
        "principal": {
          "id": "fe36f75e-c103-410b-a18a-2bf6df06ac3a",
          "displayName": "John Doe",
          "email": "john@contoso.com",
          "type": "User",
          "tenantId": "e1dd4023-a656-480a-8a0e-c1b1eec51e1d"
        },
        "scope": "/providers/Microsoft.PowerApps/environments/Default-e1dd4023-a656-480a-8a0e-c1b1eec51e1d/apps/37ea6004-f07b-46ca-8ef3-a256b67b4dbb",
        "notifyShareTargetOption": "NotSpecified",
        "inviteGuestToTenant": false,
        "createdOn": "2022-10-25T21:28:14.2122305Z",
        "createdBy": "f0db9c91-3dae-49c8-98fa-8059b8909d45"
      },
      "roleName": "Owner",
      "principalId": "fe36f75e-c103-410b-a18a-2bf6df06ac3a",
      "principalType": "User"
    }
  ]
  ```

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="Text">

  ```text
  principalId  : fe36f75e-c103-410b-a18a-2bf6df06ac3a
  principalType: User
  roleName     : Owner

>   ```

Reviewer: Currently, this is formatted vertically because you got 1 response as a result. Because this is a list command, it's very likely to get multiple results. In this case, the output would look horizontal.
Let's show it here horizontally as well.

import Global from '/docs/cmd/_global.mdx';
import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

# pa app permission list

Lists all permissions of a Power Apps app

## Usage

```sh
m365 pa app permission list [options]
```

## Options

```md definition-list

> `---appName <appName>`

Reviewer: Let's remove one dash.

: The name (GUID) of the Microsoft Power App.

`--asAdmin`
: Run the command as admin for apps you don't own.

`-e, --environmentName [environmentName]`
: The name of the environment. Required when using `asAdmin`.

> `--roleName [roleName]`

Reviewer: Let's put this option behind `appName` this way the non-admin and admin options are kinda grouped together.

> : Filter the results to only a given role: `Owner`, `CanEdit`, `CanView`.

Reviewer: These values might not be that clear for everyone. Let's add a remarks section where we elaborate on them.
You can take [flow list](https://pnp.github.io/cli-microsoft365/cmd/flow/flow-list#remarks) as an example.
Let's explain the values we use with the one shown in the UI (`owner`, `co-owner`, `user`).

```

<Global />

## Examples

> List all permissions for an app you own

Reviewer: In fact, you don't have to be the owner.

```suggestion
List all permissions for an app you have access to
```

```sh
m365 pa app permission list --appName bc9f0a7e-53df-46af-b669-5888bb2f63d0
```

> List all permissions as admin for an app you don't own

Reviewer: ```suggestion
List all permissions as admin for an app you don't have access to
```

```sh
m365 pa app permission list --environmentName "Default-e448e34a-40cc-441a-94c6-ec701a9a9ec2" --appName bc9f0a7e-53df-46af-b669-5888bb2f63d0 --asAdmin
```

> List all co-owners for an app you own

Reviewer: ```suggestion
List all co-owners for an app you have access to
```
